Subtitles by DramaFever
[Andante]
[Episode 8: Invitation to Daily Life]
Clean the floor well, so it shines.
Lee Shi Kyung, it's been a long time.
I saw you yesterday.
I haven't seen you in the
teacher's office in a long time.
You're being punished
with cleaning duty, though? Why?
He was late, and I'm letting him
off easy with cleaning duty.
But, Shi Kyung doesn't look like
he's being punished.
Something about this suits him.
Yes, you've been on cleaning duty
so often that you have good form.
Clean up around my seat, too.
Oh, Lee Shi Kyung is busy.
He hasn't even started cleaning the room.
Oh yeah... Shi Kyung.
You heard that Bom is going to be
absent due to a family trip, right?
What? When?
You didn't know? Aren't you two dating?
What is this?
Are you two fighting already?
Is something wrong?
If you stand idly by, not acknowledging
your girlfriend's feelings...
you'll be in trouble.
Oh, Shi Kyung!
Were you late?
You were standing around,
taking forever this morning.
Am I really...
standing around and
not taking action?
What is it?
This song is loved as much
as the Italian national anthem.
Kids...
Ma n'atu sole
(Singing in Italian)
cchiù bello, oje ne'.
O sole mio
sta 'nfronte a te.
O sole...
O sole mio.
Sta 'nfronte a te.
Sta 'nfronte a te!
O sole mio!
Wow! Aunt Jung Soo.
What's with the book?
I haven't seen you read in a while.
Do you have time this Saturday?
Do you want to come to Seoul
with me and Shi Kyung?
- I can't.
- Why?
I have plans in Seoul that day already.
In Seoul?
You're all done? Let's go now.
Now that we're going like this,
I'm suddenly reminded of that movie.
"Thelma and Louise."
Am I Thelma or Louise?
Who is he?
You know him, that good looking thief.
Ah, Brad Pitt!
Right! "Mister Bread."
That's a funny nickname.
She's saying her son
is like a good looking thief.
Mom sure likes it.
You must need to study a lot as
a high school junior, Shi Kyung.
What's your ranking at school?
Does this town let you specialize
in agricultural studies?
Ah, well...
English, writing,
physical education, and art.
What are your specialties?
What about clubs for your major?
Books related to your major?
Ask me if there's anything
you're curious about.
She said you could ask.
Don't you have any questions?
No, not really.
Oh yeah. You have a girlfriend.
It's hard to study
when you have a girlfriend.
There's a very smart boy
named Jin Hyuk in Soo Bin's class.
After he got a girlfriend,
he lost to my Soo Bin right away.
Whether he has a girlfriend or not,
it won't affect his grades.
Really?
That would be hard at his age.
It won't be so hard for him.
His grades maintain themselves.
Get something good to eat with this.
No, it's okay.
You don't need to do that.
Stay nearby and pick up
the phone when I call you.
- You really don't need to!
- Come on.
Why are you giving him money?
The moment she gave me the money,
I thought about what to do with Bom.
I want to beat myself up.
You came here with a bike chain?
- Yes.
- Why here?
Why would you bring a bike chain?
I brought my bike chain in case someone
started something, and I needed to fight.
I'm only kidding.
I heard about a guy I knew doing that,
so I copied him because it was cool.
What? You did?
I was going through puberty back then.
You don't know about
boys and puberty, right?
Lee Shi Kyung and puberty...
I think I understand it.
Your actions are nothing compared
to Shi Kyung's during puberty.
Why here though?
If I do go to college,
I better go to medical school.
I think that's when
I first thought about it.
I've seen many sick people
at the hospice ever since I was little.
Honestly, my mom passed away
from an illness, too.
We may have even met before.
During my last year of junior high,
I came to this medical building, too.
You did?
All the moms would gather here
to share information about exams.
We would go nuts over it.
You really are amazing, Soo Bin's mom.
I don't know what I've done for my kids.
I thought I was doing my best.
I keep asking myself lately
if it really was the best.
Who knows the right answer?
Everyone does what's best
in his or her life.
You think so?
I'll ask Doctor Lee
if you can have just one sip.
What's wrong?
Are you sick? Do you need your medicine?
Soo Bin's mom.
I've missed my regular
daily life so much.
Just drinking coffee
and grocery shopping.
Making dinner...
Just for a day...
I wanted to come back for one day.
I have lived so diligently in my life.
I really worked so hard in life.
I know you did.
You still are right now.
Seriously, what am I doing
wasting my precious time?
Let's go grocery shopping.
Soo Bin likes soybean paste soup
with blue crabs in it.
Let's go look at blue crabs.
It's blue crab season. Sounds good.
Let's go.
It has been a long time.
Are you giving me good ones
because it has been so long?
Thank you.
Did you go away somewhere?
I haven't seen you around
for a long time.
Yes.
This is the medical school
my dad went to.
Oh, Doctor Lee went here, too.
There are two people from our
school who went to medical school.
Oh, then you'll become the third?
We'll have to see.
Why did you come here in junior high?
Same reason as you.
I had good grades back then.
I wanted to go to medical school, too.
Back then, anyway.
Why not anymore?
It doesn't make sense anymore,
not with my grades.
Do you know why I really
asked you to come here?
Will you...
study with me?
What?
Since you gave me the bike,
I will help you with your studies.
My phone!
Did I leave it in the car?
I can't remember a single number
without my phone.
How could this happen?
Lee Shi Kyung! You're acting weird.
That's not Bom.
After going through all of that...
Bom wouldn't be in Seoul.
But, what if it is Bom?
Just two portions?
What about your husband?
I guess you didn't know.
I'm a divorced, single mom.
What's the matter?
Have you never met one before?
Even when he was around,
he was always abroad on business trips.
I had to earn a lot of money.
I wanted to be able to send Soo Bin
to college and get her married.
We had to live together.
How have you managed
all of that for so long?
You worked and had treatment.
I don't know. I'm even amazed at myself.
Can you taste this for me?
I'm not sure
of my sense of taste, lately.
It could use a little salt.
That's good then.
Soo Bin likes it that way.
Oh...
It's Soo Bin.
I don't have to put on a show today.
Hello.
Mom, you're really home.
What are you making? What's for dinner?
I made soybean paste soup
with blue crabs and stuffed squid.
Wow! I'm already salivating.
Mom, you know Hyo Eun?
I'm going to go buy clothes with her.
Wait a little bit. I'll be right there.
Okay, don't run just to get here quickly.
Okay, Mom.
Gosh, she's still just a baby.
Where did he go off to?
Oh yeah, Shi Kyung.
Should he just have eaten here?
What are you talking about?
Today is a special day.
You spend time with your daughter,
just the two of you.
Where is this place?
Mom will be calling me.
Where am I?
Why isn't he answering?
Shi Young is in Seoul too.
She wouldn't answer my call.
She has no manners.
Hello.
Lee Shi Young? Shi Young.
It's just that Shi Kyung
isn't answering his phone.
Shi Young, come here now.
I'll send you the address now, so hurry!
Get up, Soo Bin's mom.
Lift your hands.
Put your arms up.
Hurry.
We need to do an enema.
- I don't want to.
- What do you mean?
You have to do it.
You could fall into a coma.
Doctor Lee said this is the worst.
You know that very well.
I don't want to. I don't want to.
I don't want you
to see me in that state.
What if Soo Bin returns soon?
Are you going to greet her like this?
Soo Bin... what do I do?
I'll just do it right away.
Wait here for a moment.
I think it's on the 7th floor here.
Let's get up there.
Yes, I've done the enema.
Which medicine? Hold on.
I found it.
It's called IR Codon, right?
How many pills?
Okay, I'll give it to her.
Take these painkillers.
You'll feel better in a little bit.
Soo Bin will be here soon.
I'm not very good at it,
but I'll massage your feet.
Don't think about a thing
and stay still for a moment.
Should I carry you to your bed?
I'm sorry to all of you.
This is all because of me.
I told you not to say a thing
or think about anything.
Aren't you going to have dinner
with Soo Bin tonight?
All right.
Please give me Soo Bin's number.
- Why?
- I'll try to buy you more time.
Just until you feel better.
That sounds like a good idea.
We can do that, right?
I really can't let her see me like this.
Go on, then.
How will you do it though?
I'll take care of it.
Just give me Soo Bin's number.
Soo Bin's here. What do we do?
Mom!
My daughter.
I missed you.
Mom, you smell different.
You smell like medicine.
Something's wrong.
It's a cold.
Do I already smell because I'm old?
What are you talking about?
Make sure to take Shi Kyung's phone.
I don't even know if he made it home.
He's always leaving things behind.
She hasn't been home in so long,
and I left her alone in an empty house.
She said she would call Hyo Eun over.
Your daughter seemed fine,
but you're the problem.
Doctor Lee said staying overnight
would be too dangerous.
What can we do?
I shouldn't have come.
If I had known it was going
to hurt this much...
I shouldn't have come to see her.
Ma'am, what if you
make yourself sick again?
Dad.
You shoved that hint in my face.
What was the point?
This is torture.
Torture by the name Bom.
I heard you went on a family trip.
That was a lie.
I didn't want to go to school.
Why do you keep lying?
Things have been very hard for me
these past few days.
I've been getting strange ideas.
What kind of strange ideas?
You told me you can't know
if I don't tell you.
That's how it is for me too.
If you don't tell me,
then I won't know.
I don't know how to tell you.
Contact me when you're ready to tell me.
I wish you wouldn't do it.
I wish you wouldn't do
that kind of work anymore.
I don't know you that well yet.
Maybe I'm saying this because
I'm ignorant about the world.
But, when you do things for me with
money earned from that kind of job...
I'm not happy about it at all.
It makes me imagine strange things.
You meeting guys I don't know.
Don't do that job.
I told her.
I stood idly by,
and then finally said it.
Did I do the right thing?
[Bernard]
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry about everything.
I like you, but...
I don't know how to act with you.
We are both inexperienced.
But...
I'm the one who's sorry.
We are still getting to know one another.
What a relief that you arrived safely.
I've given you medication
to help you sleep, so get some rest.
Okay.
I should've come with you.
You did a good job.
I just did as you instructed, Doctor.
I'll get going then.
Thank you, Shi Kyung's mom
and all of you.
Get some rest.
Mom, I need to talk to her for a moment.
What?
She needs to sleep.
I just need a minute.
Can you wait outside for a moment?
These are just my thoughts,
so please hear me out.
I wish you would be honest
and tell Soo Bin the truth.
I don't know if my mom told you.
My dad went missing 12 years ago.
We didn't get to say goodbye.
There are many people who leave
this world without saying goodbye.
For those who are left behind...
do you know how hard it is?
You can still say goodbye,
so why won't you do it?
Soo Bin...
will go through such a hard time.
She has to study.
Why are you only thinking
about yourself?
Don't you care about Soo Bin?
She'll be left alone.
Why is studying so important right now?
If you leave without saying anything...
Soo Bin will face
that hardship her entire life.
I know all about that so well.
When someone leaves without a word...
and you can't see them again.
That's what's really difficult.
Shi Young.
I want to apologize to you
about something.
What?
I always say conflicting things,
just like you said.
I've been watching Soo Bin's mom.
I should've been studying just as hard
if I wanted you to study.
I only told you to study.
I'm glad you know.
You're so good to other people's moms.
Mom, you should live a long time.
Who else would accept
my bad temper if not you?
What?
You never know.
You might see me mature.
As if you would mature.
Hello.
I need you to give me a ride to the
library after class, Driver Park.
Eom Yong Gi, what did you say?
I'll go first.
All right. Go ahead.
Being able to say no when
it doesn't want to do something.
That's a human trait AI
does not have. The end!
Hey!
Be quiet!
Sit down.
Tell Eom Yong Gi he got a zero.
Lee Shi Kyung.
You go next.
Sense of temperature.
What?
The warmth of holding hands.
The excitement and feeling
of your heart dropping.
The tingling sensation
when you feel that bond.
Tears...
Also, being able to apologize.
Those are things AI
will never be able to do.
- Oh!
- Lee Shi Kyung!
If anyone says anything more to me,
I'm going to run out like Yong Gi.
[DF Ver] E08 Andante "Invitation to Daily Life"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Bom passed out?
Yes, the homeroom teacher and
Lee Shi Kyung went to the ER with her.
Really?
I guess the two of them
will have to do it later.
Let's start.
Che bella cosa
(Singing in Italian)
na jurnata 'e sole.
Pe' ll'aria fresca.
Che bella...
Na jurnata 'e sole.
Eom Yong Gi, aren't you going to sing?
I'll tell you when. Let's do it again.
Ma n'atu sole...
cchiu' bello, oje ne'.
O sole mio.
Sta 'nfronte a te!
O sole...
O sole mio.
Sta 'nfronte a te.
- Wow!
- That was so good.
- Wow.
Yong Gi! Wow!
Amazing, amazing.
Eom Yong Gi is amazing.
Has he always been a good singer?
That was my first time seeing him sing.
- I think I know why he sings well.
- Why?
Yong Gi would go buy rice wine
for his grandfather.
It's rumored that he would steal a sip.
You're saying he sings well
because of rice wine?
I've never heard such a thing.
You don't know what
you're saying about alcohol.
Alcohol allows you
to sing well naturally.
All your stories start out
plausible and end terribly.
Starting out plausible is important.
The beginning is half of it.
You talk too much.
Do you think Bom is okay?
Shi Kyung isn't back yet.
Yes, yes.
Shi Kyung is here.
I'll let him know.
Bye.
- That was Teacher Oh Jung Soo.
- Aunt.
I mean the music teacher.
She's asked if Bom was okay.
You and Bom missed the music assessment,
so you two can do it later.
Right, that was today.
Go back to Bom and call me
once you have the results.
Try not to worry.
Go on inside.
She's already there?
No, I'm on my way there.
What are you doing?
Are you okay?
Still, you shouldn't run off
from the hospital.
Let's go back now.
It's just anemia. It has
happened a few times before.
You should see the results though.
Let's go back to the hospital.
I'll go back later.
You should go up there and try it out.
How is it?
Isn't it fun to see it upside down?
I'm so dizzy. I'm going to die.
Do you really pretend you're dead?
You really could die doing this.
My dad would hang me upside down
like that when I was younger.
A tall giraffe like you?
I said when I was younger.
When Dad would hang me upside down
I thought it was so much fun to see
the world spin around and around.
So, I would beg him
to do it again and again.
I want to do it for you.
You're too long now.
Oh yeah!
There's a picture. Who is that?
My dad.
He looks very young.
My dad never changes
and is very young looking.
Do you want to meet him?
Your dad?
I'm supposed to go night fishing
with him in a few days.
Come with us.
We have exams soon.
What does that have to do with you?
Uh...
I've been hearing that a lot lately.
Oh, Kim Bom. You're very popular.
"Is Bom very sick?"
"What's going on with Bom?"
"Is Bom awake? How is she?"
"Is Bom okay?"
Everyone is worried about you.
You're early.
It's cold. Let's get inside.
Oh, what's this?
First semester was literature.
Second semester was divided
between reading and grammar.
There are parts that can be hard with
hasty preparation for Mr. Kang's exams.
Like what?
You have to know about
the reciprocity of the literature.
You need to know the writer's
other works, as well.
You have to give a real
life example with grammar.
You'll need an example
from the work of literature too.
Do we have to study in secret like this?
You should just come out about it.
Do not let the enemy know
about my studying.
Imagine if I revealed I was studying.
How would I handle my mom's expectations?
These are Mister Kang's exam problems
from previous years, so take a look.
This is way too hard!
I don't know what it means at all.
Keep it down, would you?
You two aren't the only ones here.
Hey, hey! Wake up, would you?
Your exam is the day after tomorrow.
Why are you sleeping so much?
- Get up. Get up. Get up now!
- I don't want to.
I said get up already!
Oh, Kim...
Good morning.
No, I wasn't sleeping.
Who would be asleep now?
You weren't sleeping?
Yeah, you're right.
Anyone who sleeps in
this late would be a bear.
Seriously, that kid.
I know.
I'm going crazy here.
So, in order to talk
while other people are around...
we need a few code words.
I have to sneak out to go night fishing.
It is exam time.
Code words? Like what?
Your name...
- Bom...
- Bom.
Bom...
How about Bong Gu?
It sounds like a guy's name.
Bong Gu? Kim Bong Gu.
Bernard and Bong Gu. That's funny.
"Let's meet now."
"Let's go to the library."
How about for, "Someone is there"
we say, "Have you seen the student dean?"
You're a genius.
I... want a code phrase
for something else.
What?
"I miss you."
I'll make one for that.
"Diamond."
Diamond? Why?
It's just pretty.
It's shiny, and it suits
the words, "I miss you."
Sounds good.
Bong Gu, diamond.
Have you seen the student dean?
No, I haven't.
You two are having a good time.
Let's make one more.
"Lee Shi Young is trash."
What was that?
So pathetic, so pathetic.
I'm talking about Bernard.
When it comes to him,
what you see is what you get.
He is so thoughtless.
They call that a perfect harmony.
He seems like the brother
of a girl who wanted to quit school.
You're becoming
more and more like Bernard.
We're going to the library, right?
I'll get my bike.
- Ga Ram.
Where have you been studying?
- What time are you going?
- Where are you sitting?
Ah, Shi Young doesn't know.
There is a legend that your marks
will go up at least three points
just by slightly touching
Ga Ram's clothes.
I'm sorry but I want to study alone
this time around.
Are you and Shi Young studying
together by chance?
No, we're not. I'm leaving.
Lee Shi Young, wait.
Sorry, I have to go.
Lee Shi Young, I'll take you.
- Something's there.
- Something's definitely there.
It's so obvious, isn't it?
What's with them?
Why aren't you answering my calls
and ignoring my messages?
Don't touch that.
Don't touch anything because
I'll get confused.
All right.
Don't change the subject.
Just give me the wages you owe me.
If you took up my time for five months,
you need to pay me.
What? What did you say?
You think you can say that?
Well, when will things work out for you?
You must be waiting for me to die,
but I'm alive and well.
I'm going to take the test,
and I won't go so easily...
Hello? Hello?
Hello, you bastard! You need
to pay up since I worked for you!
Terminal stomach cancer?
But, he's still studying
for the civil service exam?
Yes, there are patients like that
every now and then.
How much money is he owed?
I've heard him on the phone a few times,
and it's about two million won.
He worked at a pool hall
while studying for his exam.
Why are there so many inhumane people?
The patient has quite
the personality, too.
It would be better for him to give up.
I guess it isn't easy for him.
Yes?
Mister Kim Jae Woong,
what can I do for you?
About the volunteers for the baths...
when will they be here?
Ah, I think you'll have to wait a bit.
What can I do?
There aren't many volunteers available
to give baths, especially for men.
I see.
Gosh, the patients really
look forward to baths.
I feel very bad.
Of course, they do.
They are stewing in all sorts
of medication odors
and they want to wash it off.
That is when they feel alive.
I only realized that once I got here.
Just how much the patients wait
for the volunteers who give baths.
Why wouldn't they?
They would wait for them.
I guess you two do agree sometimes.
What do you mean?
You think I'm crazy?
Something must not be going well.
Oh, yes.
What is it?
I'm evaluating the students'
music assessments.
I'm a little confused.
These are absolute evaluations.
I feel like I should give
them all good grades.
But, it is an evaluation,
so I can't do that.
Did you give detailed guidelines?
Well, it is music.
Interval, rhythm, posture...
You can have guidelines like that.
If they're lacking in any areas,
then you can deduct points.
Detailed guidelines.
Also, it's good to let them
confirm their grades right away.
Confirm it right away.
The kids don't like a teacher
who seems afraid of them.
Even if the teacher is unique,
they like a bold teacher.
I must look like I'm afraid.
It would suit you to be more bold,
but honestly, you're not like that.
I'm not like that, honestly.
So, you do know.
By the way... your hair.
Your hair is...
Oh!
- Aunt.
- Yeah.
Teacher.
My music assessment with Bom...
Oh, when do you two have time?
Lee Shi Kyung.
I graded your ethics assessment.
Take a look.
Zero? Why?
You did well on it.
That's what I'm saying.
The student dean is out to get me.
Ask him why he gave you a zero.
I don't understand.
Yeah, why did I get zero?
I didn't run out like Yong Gi.
Anyway, that's that.
Yeah. Of course, we should meet.
Where should we meet?
What do you want to eat?
Lee Shi Kyung!
Oh... the library?
Yeah, I'll come.
Yes, have you seen the student dean?
Yes. Oh, you're so smart Bong Gu.
Yes, me too.
Diamond multiplied by diamond
multiplied by diamond.
Okay, bye.
That was my friend, Bong Gu.
What's with your clothes?
Also, don't even think about
going out late during exam time.
No, I'm going to the library
with Bong Gu.
Library? You?
Can't I study?
Just eat dinner. Your grandma
made soybean paste soup.
Gosh, I have to eat dinner
with Bong Gu.
Today, I tried making
radish leaf, soybean paste soup.
It's very tasty.
This is amazing too.
Grandma, what is this character
called when you spell soybean?
When eating...
one doesn't even bother a dog.
Shi Young, you've been
in a good mood lately.
Really? I'm the same.
Are you not feeling well?
Why haven't you touched your food?
I'm having digestive trouble.
I think I'll skip dinner.
Oh no. You're having digestive trouble?
Let's prick him with a needle.
What? Prick me with a needle?
A needle prick is the best
for indigestion.
Grandma, here's the needle.
Okay.
Grandma, I'm not sick anymore.
I feel better now.
Stay put.
She said to stay put!
Mother, I'll just give him
some indigestion medicine.
You didn't even disinfect that needle.
When I was raising Shi Yoon,
I didn't give him any medicine.
Do you like those medicines that much?
I didn't say that.
The medications these days are so good.
Grandma! I'm okay now.
I'm so hungry. I should eat.
Grandma, you should do this hand too.
I'll hold it for you.
Oh dear... your hand is so cold.
I should prick all 10 fingers.
What do you mean all 10 fingers?
Just give him some
indigestion medication.
Be quiet!
If you like medication so much,
you can use plenty of it.
- Grandma.
- What about his feet?
You should prick his toes too.
What the hell.
I nearly died from taking a shower.
Hey.
What?
Well, a person has fallen
in front of you.
You should ask him if he's okay.
Or call a doctor for him.
Why should I?
I'm a patient too.
Hey... wait.
Wait a minute.
Oh my. What's going on?
What are you two doing here?
This is a problem.
Over here, over here, over here!
You arrogant bastard.
You always bothered me.
You always showed off with your studying.
Just die quietly, kid.
Die!
What are you doing?
Get off him. You can't do this.
Please restrain yourself. Please stop.
You need to stop.
What's going on? Are you okay?
- Pricked with a needle?
- Yes.
I thought I was going to die.
We're at the library right now, Bong Gu.
I'd like to get my finger pricked too.
Pricked with a needle? Why?
I have indigestion.
Then, take some indigestion medication.
It's just a folk remedy
that has no effect.
It works well for me.
You've had it done before? When?
I have really bad indigestion.
Does the finger pricking really work?
Do you want my Grandma to do it for you?
She was going the hospice.
I will call the office.
Oh dear.
You're just skin and bones.
What did you eat that upset your stomach?
Grandma, be gentle.
Bom is anemic, so we need to be careful.
What did you two eat together
that has made you both feel like this?
Shi Kyung, massage her other hand.
Oh my.
What has clogged you up?
A person's hands and feet
need to be warm.
You have to massage it well
to increase blood flow.
It's as if you're doing nothing at all.
Isn't your grandma going home with you?
Ga Ram's dad is driving her home.
Are you really okay?
Yes, I feel completely better.
That's weird.
It doesn't work for me,
so why does it work for you?
Ah, you remember tomorrow?
The night fishing?
I know.
I'm getting all nervous.
You should be nervous to meet my dad.
He won't ask about my grades, will he?
My dad...
will like you.
Why?
He always likes everyone I like.
You should go inside and study.
It's cold in the morning.
Do you have the key to this place?
Yes.
Can't you open it earlier?
Why would they leave the key
with a high school student?
Who's in charge of this place?
Isn't this irresponsible?
I requested it for the duration
of my exam period.
Almost no one ever comes here.
Who manages this place?
Give me his number.
Here's some warm tea and a blanket.
The person in charge will call you later.
Yes, hello?
So what are you trying to say?
I'll take care of it.
I won't ask you to pay off
my school loans, Father.
Why wouldn't I be able to earn money?
I'm even selling exam questions...
Anyway, I'll take care of it.
Don't call me again.
Just consider me already dead!
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Andante]